medical marijuana is already a
multi-billion dollar industry so the
future is this weed pill I'm still not
sure about this look most people will
tell you as Alden walked on the moon and
even a complete idiot will tell you
beyond strong did it first and do you
know why first because he pushed Buzz
Aldrin out of the way and sees history
but all sack I'm satisfied Harold you're
gonna fly to Mexico and deliver the
formula to the lab you tell whoever's
got you there is no deal unless they
come way down on the price
what ok can we call you back
[Music]
stay focused focused somebody's going
down
what going on
he works for thank you
I don't think you can survive that
gringo please ma'am you really believe
in God because I believe in God what
kind of person does not be different
goes I guess I kind of do it but the
theaters March 9th
[Music]